some 41 to the chief musician a psalm of
some 41 to the chief musician a psalm of David blessed is he who considers the
David blessed is he who considers the
David blessed is he who considers the poor the Lord will deliver him in time
poor the Lord will deliver him in time
poor the Lord will deliver him in time of trouble the Lord will preserve him
of trouble the Lord will preserve him
of trouble the Lord will preserve him and keep him alive and he will be
and keep him alive and he will be
and keep him alive and he will be blessed on the earth you will not
blessed on the earth you will not
blessed on the earth you will not deliver him to the will of his enemies
deliver him to the will of his enemies
deliver him to the will of his enemies the Lord will strengthen him on his bed
the Lord will strengthen him on his bed
the Lord will strengthen him on his bed of illness you will sustain him on his
of illness you will sustain him on his
of illness you will sustain him on his sickbed I said Lord be merciful to me
sickbed I said Lord be merciful to me
sickbed I said Lord be merciful to me heal my soul for I have sinned against
heal my soul for I have sinned against
heal my soul for I have sinned against you my enemies speak evil of me
you my enemies speak evil of me
you my enemies speak evil of me when will he die and his name perish and
when will he die and his name perish and
when will he die and his name perish and if he comes to see me
if he comes to see me
if he comes to see me he speaks lies his heart gathers
he speaks lies his heart gathers
he speaks lies his heart gathers iniquity to itself when he goes out he
iniquity to itself when he goes out he
iniquity to itself when he goes out he tells it o who hate me whisper together
tells it o who hate me whisper together
tells it o who hate me whisper together against me against me they devise my
against me against me they devise my
against me against me they devise my heart an evil disease they say clings to
heart an evil disease they say clings to
heart an evil disease they say clings to him and now that he lies down he will
him and now that he lies down he will
him and now that he lies down he will rise up no more even my own familiar
rise up no more even my own familiar
rise up no more even my own familiar friend you know whom I trusted who ate
friend you know whom I trusted who ate
friend you know whom I trusted who ate my bread has lifted up his heel against
my bread has lifted up his heel against
my bread has lifted up his heel against me but you O Lord
me but you O Lord
me but you O Lord be merciful to me and raise me up that I
be merciful to me and raise me up that I
be merciful to me and raise me up that I may repay them by this I know that you
may repay them by this I know that you
may repay them by this I know that you are well pleased with me because my
are well pleased with me because my
are well pleased with me because my enemy does not triumph over me as for me
enemy does not triumph over me as for me
enemy does not triumph over me as for me you uphold me in my integrity and send
you uphold me in my integrity and send
you uphold me in my integrity and send me before your face forever blessed be
me before your face forever blessed be
me before your face forever blessed be the Lord God of Israel from everlasting
the Lord God of Israel from everlasting
the Lord God of Israel from everlasting to everlasting amen and amen